Add Index Template APIs (#7635)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/index-apis/delete-index-template.md

---
layout: default

> title: Delete Index Template

Author: ```suggestion
title: Delete index template
```

parent: Index APIs
nav_order: 28
---

> # Delete Index Template

Author: ```suggestion
# Delete index template
```

> The Delete Index Template API deletes one of more index templates.

Author: ```suggestion
The Delete index template API deletes one of more index templates.
```

> ## Path and HTTP Methods

Author: ```suggestion
## Path and HTTP methods
```

```
DELETE /_index_template/<template-name>
```

## Path parameters

Parameter | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`template-name` | String | Name of the index template. You can delete multiple template in one request names by separating the template names with a comma. When multiple template names are used in the request, wildcards are not supported.

## Query parameters

The following optional query parameters are supported:

Parameter | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---

> `cluster_manager_timeout` | Time | How long to wait for a connection to the cluster manager node. Default is `30s`.

Author: ```suggestion
`cluster_manager_timeout` | Time | The time to wait for a connection to the cluster manager node. Default is `30s`.
```

> `timeout` | Time | How long the operation should wait for a response. Default is `30s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`timeout` | Time | The time an operation should wait for a response. Default is `30s`.
```
